# SudoKing
Privacy Policy
    The Application respects and protects the personal privacy of all users of the Services. In order to provide you with a more accurate and personalized service, the Application will use and disclose your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy. However, the Application will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and due care. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Application will not disclose such information to outside parties or provide it to third parties without your prior consent. The Application may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Application Service Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to this Privacy Policy in its entirety. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Service Use Agreement.
1. Scope of application
    (a) Information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the Application when you use the Application's web services, or access the Application's platform web pages, including but not limited to your IP address, type of browser, language used, date and time of access, information on hardware and software characteristics and records of web pages you request.
    You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy.
        (a) Data collected by the Application relating to information posted by you on the Application, including but not limited to participation in events, transaction information and rating details.
        (b) violations of the law or violations of the rules of this application and the actions that this application has taken against you.
2. Information use
    (a) The Application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, except with your prior permission, or where such third party and the Application (including the Application's affiliates) are providing a service to you, either individually or jointly, and following the end of that service, they will be denied access to all such information including those to which they previously had access.
    (b) The Application also does not permit any third party to collect, compile, sell or distribute your personal information by any means without compensation. The Application reserves the right to immediately terminate the Service Agreement with any user of the Application who is found to be engaged in any of the above activities.
3. Information Disclosure
    The application will disclose your personal information, in whole or in part, in accordance with your personal wishes or as required by law, if
    (a) Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent.
    (b) To share your personal information with third parties where this is necessary to provide the products and services you have requested.
    (c) To third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies.
    (d) If you are required to disclose to a third party in the event of a violation of relevant Chinese laws or regulations or this Application Service Agreement or related rules.
    (e) If you are an eligible IPR complainant and have filed a complaint, disclosure to the Respondent is required at the request of the Respondent to enable the parties to deal with possible disputes over rights.
    (f) If any party to a transaction created on the Application Platform fulfils or partially fulfils its obligations under the transaction and makes a request for disclosure of information, the Application reserves the right to decide to provide that user with the necessary information such as the contact details of the other party to its transaction in order to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.
    (g) Other disclosures that the Application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange
    Information and data collected about you by the Application will be stored on the servers of the Application and/or its affiliates and may be transferred to, accessed, stored and displayed outside of your country, region or location where the Application collects information and data.
5. Use of cookies
    (a) Where you have not rejected cookies, the Application may set or retrieve cookies on your computer to enable you to log in or use services or features of the Application Platform that rely on cookies. The Application uses cookies to provide you with more personalised services, including promotional services.
    (b) You have the right to choose to accept or decline cookies, and you may decline cookies by modifying your browser settings, but if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to log in to or use services or features of the Application that rely on cookies.
    (c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies set by the Application.
6. Information Security
    (a) Your account on the Application is protected by security features, so please keep your username and password information secure. The Application will ensure that your information is not lost, misused or altered by encrypting your password and other security measures. Notwithstanding the above security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
    (b) When using the Application Web Services to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably have to provide information to the counterparty or potential counterparty.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
    (a) If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes in this policy, on our website, and where we deem appropriate so that you are aware of how we collect and use your personal information, who has access to it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
    (b) We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If we make significant changes to this policy, we will inform you by way of a website notice. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you discover that your personal information has been compromised, especially your application username and password, please contact our customer service immediately so that the application can take appropriate action.
